[Music]
it's going to be to your food and
welcome to boss the basics
[Music]
dried fruit first three years so we've
heated our oven to 180 degrees by which
is 200 conventional when you lined the
12 whole muffin tin with muffin liners
we've got 400 grams of self-raising
flour 250 grams of golden caster sugar
100 grams of chocolate chunks or
chocolate chips 125 milliliters of
vegetable or sunflower oil 250
milliliters of milk 2 eggs 1 teaspoon of
salt and I'm adding a splash of vanilla
now the easiest thing about this recipes
everything's mixed in One Bowl and then
goes straight into the cases I'm going
to make 12 large muffins but the mix can
make like 20 smaller muffins so first up
we need to get all our wet ingredients
together so we're gonna crack two eggs
into our Bowl remember track the eggs on
a flat so it's not the size of Bowl but
there's less chance that she'll go in
your bowl so 2x
we're just gonna give those unwritten
good whisk together where all the white
and the yolks been completely
incorporated within our oil and our milk
I'm adding a splash vanilla extract to
this you should add citrus peel or any
other flavorings you want so what about
half a teaspoon then we're just going
everything's completely combined then
the next bit which is quite important
we're going to add our flour and our
salt once the flour and the salts come
in you don't want to overwork it because
that's how you get tough muffins top of
my freezer don't rise properly we're
literally going to stir the flour
through and we're going to add our
chocolate chips and we're ready to go
just decent pinch of salt
[Music]
at this point you really don't want to
overwork the flower we literally just
got to stir the flour through as soon as
we've got a smooth batter we're going to
add the chocolate and we're ready to
bake
soon as the bats huh
practically smooth and just care to fold
through chocolates we got a hundred
grams of chocolate I couldn't get
chocolate chips
so I'd use some chocolate the back of my
fridge which I've just chopped up once
that's mixed
we're ready to bake so now we're just
going to fill a muffin cases and we want
it to practically to the top want the
muffin mixture to rise up a muffin top
just over the cases so it's too large
[Music]
let's try I like to sprinkle the tops
with a bit of sugar this is essential
just to give them a bit about 20 minutes
we're just going to see if there
I just need to insert a skewer into the
middle the muffin and I wanted to come
out clean and no tape mixture whatsoever
on the skewer that's clean the muffins
are ready we're just gonna leave them to
cool on the rack and then they're ready
to eat so there we have golden melty
chocolate city shall be PC good food
muffins I'm Bonnie that mastery is
stupid boss the basics remember stay
safe
[Music]